a time of
spirituality of togetherness of
reflection but even at this time of
Joyful celebration many British Muslims
in communities across the country are
using this as a time of reflection on
the plight of Palestinians in Gaza and
the suffering and loss that they are
undergoing during this time while many
here are gathering at the central mosque
in London to reflect on their losses it
is also a time for them to come together
and decide what it is that they want to
do to support the Palestinians who were
trapped in Gaza it feels very very sad
indeed it's really distressing to see
all the uh all the bombing and the
killings that taking place in a holy
month it's always a very bad Omen for
Humanity at all not only for Muslims
every night we make prayers and Dua for
Gaza for the people suffering over there
uh and it's uh it's it's tough It's very
troubling well you know I'm visiting
from the states and uh I'm you know G
lives on my mind all the time and
um uh I'm praying and I'm doing
everything I can to help we feeling
sorry for them first and we hope they
going to be solved as soon as possible
like as everyone knowing what's
happening everyone know the truth but we
can't do anything nothing between our
hands
there is also the question of an
increase in attacks on British Muslim
communities as well with islamophobic
incidents Rising by three-fold since
October nevertheless what people here
want to do is to put that focus on
trying to find some kind of
intercommunity cohesion and also more
importantly to reflect on what can be
done especially pressuring leaders to
ask for a permanent ceasefire Sonia Gago
aljazera
London make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz